.TH breakit 1  "June 5, 2016" "version 0.1" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
breakit \- KSL many jobs automated submitter
.
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
breakit  \fB\-\-job=\fR\fIany-Slurm-Job\fR
         \fB\-\-range=\fR\fITotal-number-of-jobs-to-submit\fR
         [\fB\-\-chunk\fR=\fR\fIMaximum-number-of-jobs-to-be-seen-in-the-queue\fR]
.
.
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBbreakit\fR assists the user in submitting Slurm job array of important
size on shaheen II. It has been designed, developped and officially
maintained by the Kaust Supercomputing Laboratory.
.PP
By policy, on shaheen II, the maximum number of jobs authorized in the
queue is limited per user. \fBbreakit\fR seamlessly allows the submission of
job arrays whose total number can be higher than this limit. 
.
.
.SH USE
.PP
Not a single modification needs to be made to the Slurm job it self.
Let assume 1000 occcurences of "\fImy_job\fR" needs to be submitted, the
command:
.PP
.BI "   breakit \-\-job=\fImy-job\fR \-\-range=\fI1000\fR \-\-chunk=\fI20\fR"
.PP
will submit the 1000 jobs to shaheen II in several chunks of 20
jobs. At a time, no more than 20 jobs will appear in the queue. In
reality, \fBbreakit\fR will use job dependency to automate the ongoing
submission of the remaining jobs. These batches of 20 jobs will be
seen as successive job arrays in the scheduling queue.
.PP
If no option --chunk is mentionned, default number of jobs queued simultaneously is set to 8.
.PP
To cancel the full set of jobs, an option --kill is under development
and testing. In the meantime, when choosing a different name for all the jobs launched through \fBbreakit\fR
the following Slurm command can be used:
.PP
.BI "   scancel  \-n=\fIname-of-job\fR"
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Samuel Kortas (samuel.kortas (at) kaust.edu.sa)
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report breakit bugs to help@hpc.kaust.edu.sa
.br
breakit home page: <https://bitbucket.org/kaust_KSL/breakit>
.br
KAUST Supercomputing Laboratory: <http://hpc.kaust.edu.sa/>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2016 KAUST Supercomputing Laboratory
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
A comprehensive presentation of \fBbreakit\fR has been given by Samuel Kortas during
the KSL Workshop entitled 'Boost your efficiency when dealing with
multiple jobs on the Cray XC40 supercomputer Shaheen II' held at KAUST
On Sunday June 5th 2016. The workshop slides can be freely downloaded from
<https://www.hpc.kaust.edu.sa/sites/default/files/files/public/many_jobs.pdf>
.PP
ktf(1) decimate(1)
